THE FINAL FRONTIER.
Kirk: SPACE:
OF THE STARSHIP ENTERPRISE.
THESE ARE THE VOYAGES
TO EXPLORE STRANGE NEW WORLDS,
ITS FIVE-YEAR MISSION:
AND NEW CIVILIZATIONS,
TO SEEK OUT NEW LIFE
WHERE NO MAN HAS GONE BEFORE.
TO BOLDLY GO
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
STARDATE 5499.9.
WE ARE ORBITING
THE PLANET ARGO.
ARGO WAS ONCE A LAND PLANET,
BUT ITS SURFACE IS NOW
ALMOST COMPLETELY
COVERED BY WATER.
VIOLENT SEISMIC DISTURBANCES.
THE CHANGE WAS CAUSED BY
TO STUDY THE EFFECTS
WHICH THE QUAKES
OUR MISSION IS
AND OTHER PHENOMENA
HAD ON ITS SURFACE.
SAVE MILLIONS OF LIVES
THIS KNOWLEDGE MAY
ON A FEDERATION PLANET
IDENTICAL TO ARGO
WHICH WILL SOON BE UNDERGOING
SIMILAR TRANSFORMATION.
ON THE PLANET, ISN'T IT, SPOCK?
THIS IS THE LARGEST LAND MASS
Spock: YES, CAPTAIN.
MERE OUTCROPPINGS.
THE OTHERS ARE
THEY SUGGEST THE PEAKS
OF SUBMERGED MOUNTAINS.
WELL, I SUGGEST THAT
WE GET THESE SEAWATER
AND ALGAE SPECIMENS.
THEY'RE THE LEAST
OF THE LOT.
I AGREE WITH YOU, DOCTOR.
FOR ONCE,
THE MORE INFORMATIVE SPECIMENS
FROM THE SEA BOTTOM.
WILL COME
LIEUTENANT CLAYTON,
OPEN THE HATCH
AND LET OUR TWO SCIENTISTS HERE
GET ON WITH THEIR BUSINESS.
[CRASHING]
AYE, SIR.
WHAT'S THAT?
PHASERS ON STUN, MR. SPOCK.
FIRING, CAPTAIN.
WHAT THE DEVIL
WAS THAT THING?
APPARENTLY A LIFE FORM
WHICH PREVIOUS SURVEYS
HAVE NOT RECORDED.
LET'S GET A CLOSER LOOK AT IT
BEFORE THE PHASER STUN
WEARS OFF.
SUBMERGE, LIEUTENANT.
AYE, SIR.
DUAL RESPIRATORY SYSTEM.
McCoy:
LUNGS AND GILLS.
TO THAT OF A DENEBIAN WHALE,
ITS SKELETON IS SIMILAR
CAPTAIN.
[CRASHING]
IT'S REGAINING
CONSCIOUSNESS.
SURFACE, MR. CLAYTON.
Clayton: AYE, SIR.
[ROARING]
TO FIRE PHASERS.
SPOCK, PREPARE
PHASERS DO NOT RESPOND,
CAPTAIN.
WE MUST HAVE SUSTAINED DAMAGE
TO THE POWER PACK
WHEN THE CREATURE STRUCK US.
[ROARS]
KIRK TO ENTERPRISE.
EMERGENCY.
Scotty: ENTERPRISE.
WHAT IS IT, SIR?
BEAM US ABOARD, SCOTTY.
WE'RE UNDER ATTACK.
[ROARING]
Scotty: WE'VE LOST
CONTACT, CAPTAIN.
REPEAT, WE'VE LOST CONTACT.
COME IN, CAPTAIN.
COME IN.
SHIP'S LOG, STARDATE 5504.2.
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER SCOTT
IN COMMAND.
AND FIRST OFFICER SPOCK
CAPTAIN KIRK
FOR ALMOST FIVE DAYS.
HAVE BEEN MISSING
SEARCH PARTIES CAN FIND
OR THE AQUA-SHUTTLE.
NO TRACE OF THEM
CONTINUING THE SEARCH
DR. McCOY AND I ARE
AT A GREATER DISTANCE
FROM THE ATTACK POINT.
[SIGHING] THERE'S NOTHING.
THERE'S JUST NOTHING.
I SEE SOME ROCKS.
THEY'RE JUST ABOVE SEA LEVEL,
ABOUT 2 MILES AWAY.
THERE'S SOMETHING
ON THEM.
MAYBE THEY'RE STILL ALIVE.
THEIR BODIES ARE FUNCTIONING.
METABOLISM, HEART.
EVERYTHING BUT THE LUNGS.
[INHALING]
CAN'T BREATHE.
SUFFOCATING.
[GASPING]
HELP. CAN'T BREATHE.
WHAT HAPPENED TO THEM, DOCTOR?
WHAT IS IT?
THEIR WHOLE LUNG STRUCTURE.
SOMETHING'S CHANGED
IN THE AIR ANYMORE.
THEY CAN'T LIVE
McCoy: MEDICAL LOG,
STARDATE 5506.2.
WERE RESCUED 48 HOURS AGO.
AND FIRST OFFICER SPOCK
CAPTAIN KIRK
THEY HAVE NO RECOLLECTION
OF WHAT HAPPENED TO THEM
AFTER THEY WERE ATTACKED,
BUT MEDICAL EXAMINATIONS SHOW
AN UNIDENTIFIED SUBSTANCE
IN THE BLOODSTREAM
THEIR ENTIRE METABOLISM
HAS AFFECTED
INTO WATER-BREATHERS.
AND CHANGED THEM
IS COMPLETELY TRANSFORMED,
THEIR INTERNAL STRUCTURE
WITH A TRANSPARENT FILM,
AND EVEN THEIR EYES
ARE COVERED
LIKE THE SECOND EYELID
OF A FISH.
TO RETURN THEM TO NORMAL
SO FAR ALL EFFORTS
HAVE FAILED.
WE'RE STUMPED, JIM.
MAJOR FACTOR IN YOUR MUTATION,
THE HORMONE SEEMS TO BE THE
BUT WE JUST CAN'T
IDENTIFY IT.
ARE YOU SURE THE MUTATION WASN'T
SOMEHOW ACCOMPLISHED NATURALLY?
IT WAS INFUSED INTO YOUR BODIES
AT KEY STRUCTURAL POINTS.
IT HAD TO BE DONE
BY INJECTION.
BUT CAN'T YOU DUPLICATE IT,
BONES?
YOUR MEDICAL COMPUTERS
HAVE INFORMATION
IN THE FEDERATION'S HOSPITALS.
ON EVERY PROCEDURE
OH, IT'S HIGHLY SOPHISTICATED
AND COMPLETELY UNKNOWN TO US.
THAT IMPLIES THERE ARE
INTELLIGENT LIFE FORMS
ON ARGO.
THE SENSORS DON'T INDICATE
ANY LIFE FORMS DOWN THERE,
McCoy:
ASIDE FROM FISH.
THEY DID FAIL TO INDICATE
THE LARGE MARINE CREATURE
THAT ATTACKED US.
PERHAPS THE READINGS
ARE INCOMPLETE,
BLOCKED BY UNDERWATER
PRESSURE FORCES.
OCEANS ARE LESS TURBULENT
AT GREATER DEPTH.
SUCH CONDITIONS
WOULD BE MORE SUITABLE
TO INTELLIGENT FORMS.
McCoy: WELL, WE CAN'T DO MUCH
UNDERWATER EXPLORATION
WITHOUT THE AQUA-SHUTTLE.
IS TOO LIMITED.
OUR EQUIPMENT
WE AREN'T LIMITED.
WE CAN GO WHEREVER WE WANT
IN THAT OCEAN.
McCoy: IT'S TOO RISKY, JIM.
ARGO'S ALMOST TOTALLY
UNEXPLORED.
YOU'D BE OUT OF CONTACT RANGE,
UNARMED.
I HAVE TO, BONES.
LOOK AT THIS PLACE.
A TANK.
FROM INSIDE AN AQUARIUM.
I CAN'T COMMAND A SHIP
I CAN'T LIVE IN HERE.
I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE SAYING,
JIM,
BUT IF YOU GO DOWN ON THAT
PLANET AND YOU DIE THERE...
WE HAVE ONLY TWO CHOICES.
RIGHT NOW,
LIVE IN AN AQUARIUM SOMEWHERE
FOR THE REST OF OUR LIVES
OR STAY ON ARGO.
EITHER ONE OF THEM.
I WON'T ACCEPT
WHAT ABOUT YOU, SPOCK?
WHAT DOES YOUR LOGIC
TELL YOU?
THE CAPTAIN STATES THE CASE
EMOTIONALLY, OF COURSE,
BUT CORRECTLY.
I WOULD BE OF LITTLE VALUE
TO THIS SHIP
TO A TANK IN SICKBAY.
IF I AM CONFINED
I MUST ACCOMPANY THE CAPTAIN.
THIS KIND OF MUTATION
THAT CAN PRODUCE
AN INTELLIGENCE
CAN CHANGE US BACK.
WE'VE GOT TO FIND IT, BONES.
IT MUST BE THERE.
WE'LL MAKE CONTACT AS SOON
AS POSSIBLE, MR. SCOTT.
AYE, SIR.
GO AWAY, AIR-BREATHERS.
YOU'RE NOT WANTED HERE.
WE WON'T HARM YOU.
WE'RE FRIENDS.
LEAVE US.
IT IS ENOUGH OUR YOUNG
SAVED YOUR LIVES ONCE.
NOTHING WILL SAVE YOU AGAIN.
IF YOU GO ON,
WAIT! LISTEN!
GO AWAY!
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
THEY'D SAVED US ONCE.
THEY SAID
I BELIEVE THE PHRASE WAS,
"OUR YOUNG SAVED
YOUR LIVES ONCE."
YES, AND THEY DIDN'T SEEM
TO APPROVE.
THE ANSWER APPEARS TO BE
IN THAT DIRECTION, SPOCK.
Spock: I WOULD SAY SO,
CAPTAIN.
OF ALL FRIGHTENED CREATURES
THE INSTINCTIVE REACTION
TO A PLACE OF SAFETY.
IS TO RETREAT
FASCINATING.
AND BEAUTIFUL.
AN UNDERSEA CIVILIZATION
Kirk:
OF FANTASTIC ARCHITECTURE.
CAPABLE
UNHEARD OF IN OUR GALAXY.
MEDICAL TRIUMPHS
AFRAID OF US, SPOCK?
WHY SHOULD THEY BE
IT IS QUITE POSSIBLE,
CAPTAIN,
GROTESQUE AND UGLY.
THAT THEY FIND US
AND MANY PEOPLE FEAR BEINGS
DIFFERENT FROM THEMSELVES.
WELL, SPECULATION
ISN'T MUCH HELP.
WE HAVE TO GET IN THERE.
A WAY OPEN ON THE FAR SIDE.
Spock: PERHAPS THERE IS
THERE IS MUCH LESS ACTIVITY
THERE.
THAT BUILDING
IN THE CENTER.
IT SEEMS TO BE IMPORTANT.
THESE ARE THE SPIES,
TRIBUNE!
AIR-BREATHERS.
YOU STAND BEFORE THE RULING
TRIBUNAL OF THE AQUANS.
Domar:
THE HIGH TRIBUNE.
I AM DOMAR,
OF THE STARSHIP ENTERPRISE.
I'M CAPTAIN KIRK
MY FIRST OFFICER,
MR. SPOCK.
THIS IS
YOU ARE AIR-BREATHER ENEMIES
FROM THE SURFACE.
WE HAVE EXPECTED SPIES
FOR A LONG TIME.
WE CAME HERE IN PEACE,
TRIBUNE.
THE ANCIENT RECORDS WARN
NEVER COME IN PEACE.
THAT AIR-BREATHERS
THEY CAME WITHOUT WEAPONS.
THE ANCIENT RECORDS?
WITHOUT CONSULTING
CAN WE DO NOTHING
WHY DO THE JUNIOR TRIBUNES
WISH ALWAYS TO CHANGE
THE RECORDS?
LET THE MESH BE REMOVED,
BUT STAND READY.
THE SURGO-OP WAS EXCELLENT.
Aquan:
THEY HAVE MUTATED PERFECTLY.
YOUR SCIENTISTS INDUCED
THESE MUTATIONS?
WE DO NOT WISH TO KILL,
EVEN AIR-BREATHERS.
SO YOU COULD NOT RETURN HERE.
YOUR MEMORY WAS ERADICATED
MMM.
THEIR ANCIENT RECORDS
IT WOULD SEEM
ARE AS WELL PRESERVED
AS OURS.
THEY FOUND US AGAIN
TO COME AMONG US AS SPIES.
YOU DO NOT GIVE THEM A CHANCE
TO DEFEND THEMSELVES, CADMAR.
RILA IS CORRECT.
YOU MAY SPEAK.
WE ARE VISITORS
TO YOUR PLANET.
WE COME FROM ANOTHER WORLD.
ON THE SURFACE PLACES?
YOU DO NOT LIVE
NOT ON THIS WORLD.
CLEARLY, THIS IS A LIE.
ENOUGH!
THE AIR-BREATHERS
HAVE COME AGAIN
TO DESTROY US.
YOU ARE MISTAKEN, SIR.
OUR ONLY PURPOSE HERE
OF REVERSING OUR MUTATIONS.
IS TO FIND THE MEANS
THAT IS IMPOSSIBLE.
BY THE SURGO-RECORDS.
ONLY AQUAN MUTATION
IS DESIGNATED
ENTERPRISE TO MR. SCOTT.
McCoy:
WHAT IS IT, DOCTOR?
SCOTT HERE.
McCoy: SENSORS JUST GAVE US
AN UPDATE READING, SCOTTY.
IN THAT AREA, A BAD ONE.
THERE'S A SEAQUAKE DUE
COMPLETE TOPOGRAPHY CHANGES.
HOW SOON?
McCoy: WITHIN FOUR HOURS.
WHEN ARE JIM AND SPOCK DUE
TO MAKE CONTACT?
Scotty: ABOUT THE SAME TIME.
CAN YOU CONTACT THEM SOONER?
McCoy:
Scotty: WE CAN TRY
LIKE BLUE BLAZES.
SCOTT OUT.
THEIR DIRECTIONAL
MARKER INDICATES
TOWARD THAT FERN BED.
THEY DESCENDED
AIR-BREATHERS.
WE MUST INFORM THE TRIBUNES.
THE NAME OF OUR STARSHIP
IS ON THE AQUA-SHUTTLE.
EXAMINE THE WRECKAGE.
IF YOU WANT PROOF,
LET US EXAMINE THE WRECKAGE
BEFORE WE MAKE JUDGMENT.
YES.
-WE HAVE NEWS, HIGH TRIBUNE.
-SPEAK IT.
THREE AIR-BREATHERS HAVE
INVADED THE SEA FOLIAGE.
AS WE GATHERED EDIBLES.
WE SAW THEM
THESE CREATURES CAME IN PEACE?
DO YOU STILL BELIEVE
WHAT TO BELIEVE.
WE DO NOT KNOW
TO THE SURFACE BOULDERS
AND LEAVE THEM THERE.
TAKE THESE SPIES
IT IS JUSTICE ENOUGH
FOR OUR ENEMIES.
[GROANING]
CONSERVE YOUR STRENGTH.
I WILL FREE YOU.
[GRUNTS]
THE MESH IS TOO STRONG.
GO TO THE BIG ISLAND.
BRING ASSISTANCE PARTY.
DID YOU SEE ANYTHING?
NOT A SIGN OF THEM.
WAIT A MINUTE. WHO ARE...
YOUR FRIENDS NEED HELP.
FOLLOW ME.
-THERE.
-QUICK, LADS.
STAND BY IN THE SCOUTER-GIG,
LIEUTENANT.
MY ENGINEERING OFFICER,
RILA, THIS IS
MR. SCOTT.
TRIBUNE RILA IS AN AQUAN.
A SHORT DISTANCE AWAY.
THEIR CITY IS
WE'RE OBLIGED FOR YOUR HELP.
TO CONTACT YOU FOR TWO HOURS.
CAPTAIN, WE'VE BEEN TRYING
THERE'S A SEA BOTTOM QUAKE
DUE.
THIS WHOLE AREA.
IT'LL DESTROY
OF SUCH A HAPPENING.
THERE ARE LEGENDS
THE ANCIENT KNOWLEDGE
IT DESTROYED
THE GREAT SURFACE PLACES
TO SINK INTO THE SEA.
AND CAUSED
FROM ITS ANCIENT ENEMIES.
Spock: THAT SUGGESTS
YOUR RACE EVOLVED
WE DID NOT EVOLVE, MR. SPOCK.
WHEN THE SURFACE PLACES
BEGAN TO SINK,
MUTATED THROUGH SURGO-OP,
MANY AIR-BREATHERS WERE
JUST AS YOU WERE.
AS THE CENTURIES PASSED,
BECAME HEREDITARY.
THE MUTATIONS
A HIGHLY DEVELOPED RACE
STRANGE THAT SUCH
WOULD BE VIOLENT.
APPARENTLY THEY WERE EXPOSED
GEOLOGICAL DISASTER.
TO A FRIGHTENING
SUCH HARDSHIP INDUCES
SAVAGERY AND VIOLENCE.
THEY HUNTED AND KILLED US.
WE FEARED THEY WOULD
WITH THEIR VIOLENCE.
CONTAMINATE US
THAT IS ALSO WHY
IT IS FORBIDDEN
TO SURFACE FORMS.
TO MUTATE BACK
THEN REVERSE MUTATION
IS POSSIBLE.
IN THE SUNKEN RUINS
THERE ARE LEGENDS
OF SEALED PLACES
WHERE MANY KNOWLEDGE-RECORDS
OF IT ARE KEPT.
[RUMBLING]
THERE'S NOT MUCH TIME,
CAPTAIN.
IN LESS THAN TWO HOURS.
THE QUAKE'S DUE
HOW FAR ARE THE RUINS,
RILA?
ONLY A SHORT DISTANCE.
THOSE OLD RECORDS
MAY HOLD THE KEY
TO REVERSING OUR MUTATIONS.
WE'VE GOT TO FIND THEM
BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE.
OH, I--I CANNOT TAKE YOU
TO THE RUINS.
IT IS AGAINST ORDAINMENTS.
IT'S IMPORTANT, RILA,
NOT JUST FOR US.
OF ANOTHER PLANET
THE POPULATION
BY SURFACE CHANGES, TOO.
IS THREATENED
ARGO'S ANCIENT KNOWLEDGE
CAN HELP SAVE THEM.
AS FAR AS THE REEF BARRIER.
YES. I WILL TAKE YOU
THE RUINS LIE THAT WAY.
THE TIDES ARE STRONG.
NOW, TAKE CARE.
Spock: FASCINATING.
OBVIOUSLY, AN ENTIRE PORTION
OF THE CONTINENTAL SHELF SANK
WITHIN A FEW MINUTES.
THIS MAY BE THE SEALED PLACE
RILA MENTIONED.
AN ENTRANCE PANEL, CAPTAIN.
I BELIEVE THIS IS
Kirk: THERE'S ANOTHER CHAMBER.
ANCIENT MEDICAL SYMBOLS,
THIS RESEMBLES
CAPTAIN.
THE TORSO INDICATES MUTATION.
THAT'S IT, SPOCK.
THE KEY TO THE SURVIVAL
OF THE RACE.
[ROARING]
IF THE UNIVERSAL TRANSLATOR
IS RIGHT,
IN YOUR BLOODSTREAM
THE SUBSTANCE
IS SIMILAR TO THE AMBERGRIS
OF EARTH WHALES.
REVERSE MUTATION IS INDUCED
BY INFUSION OF AN ANTITOXIN,
CONCENTRATED DOSES OF IT.
OF THE ANTITOXIN, BONES?
WHAT'S THE COMPOSITION
IT'S MADE FROM THE VENOM
OF THE ARGO SUR-SNAKE.
Kirk: TO CAPTURE A SUR-SNAKE,
WE NEED YOUR HELP.
DESCEND TO THAT DEPTH.
OUR PEOPLE CAN'T
Nephro: DOMAR HAS WARNED
THAT IF WE BREAK
MORE ORDAINMENTS,
WE WILL BE EXILED
TO THE OPEN SEAS.
WE CANNOT REVERSE OUR MUTATIONS
WITHOUT THE SERUM,
NOR CAN THE AQUANS BENEFIT
FROM THE KNOWLEDGE
OF THEIR ANCESTORS.
BUT THE ORDAINMENTS
STATE CLEARLY
THAT CAPTURING SUR-SNAKES
IS FORBIDDEN.
ORDAINMENTS ARE USELESS
IN TIMES OF TURBULENCE.
ONLY KNOWLEDGE WILL HELP US.
NEPHRO, WE MUST BREAK
THE ORDAINMENTS.
QUICKLY, CAPTAIN.
[ROARING]
[RUMBLING]
QUICKLY. WE MUST LEAVE.
WE NEED MORE VENOM.
NO. NO, THERE IS NO TIME.
AN ANTITOXIN FROM THE VENOM
McCoy: WE HAVE PREPARED
OF THE SUR-SNAKE,
BUT A PART OF THE OLD RECORDS
IS MISSING,
SO THE EXACT DOSAGE
IS UNKNOWN.
EXPERIMENTS ON FISH SHOW
THAT IF THE ANTITOXIN
IS TOO STRONG,
IT CAUSES OVER-MUTATION,
WHICH CANNOT BE REVERSED
BY ANY MEANS.
WE'RE RUNNING OUT OF VENOM,
SO CONCLUSIVE EXPERIMENTS
ARE IMPOSSIBLE.
I DECREASED THE STRENGTH
BY THREE QUARTERS, JIM,
BUT WE--WE CAN'T BE SURE
IT'S RIGHT.
HOW MANY INFUSIONS, BONES?
McCoy: TWO SMALL, ONE LARGE.
Kirk: WELL, LET'S GET STARTED.
[BEEPING]
HIS PULSE IS FADING.
PULSE AND HEART NORMAL.
[GROANING]
SOMETHING'S HAPPENING
TO HIS METABOLISM.
IT'S AT LEAST 10 TIMES
NORMAL SPEED.
METABOLISM NORMAL.
HEARTBEAT NORMAL.
BEGINNING TO REVERT.
THE LUNGS ARE
THIS IS THE LAST DOSE,
THE LARGEST INFUSION.
THE ANTITOXIN WAS TOO STRONG.
HE'S STARTING TO BREATHE.
GET HIM OUT OF THE TANK!
QUICK,
HOW DO YOU FEEL, JIM?
A LITTLE DIZZY.
OTHERWISE NORMAL.
WELL, BETTER GET INTO
SOME DRY CLOTHES. I...
I WOULDN'T WANT YOU
TO CATCH COLD.
YOUR TURN, SPOCK.
THE UNPOPULATED PRESSURE AREAS
Kirk: WE'LL BOMBARD
WITH PHASER BEAMS
AND CHANGE THE EPICENTER
OF THE QUAKE
YOUR PEOPLE OR YOUR CITY.
SO IT WON'T ENDANGER
SUCH KNOWLEDGE WAS POSSIBLE.
I DID NOT BELIEVE
IN THREE MINUTES, CAPTAIN.
MAJOR TREMORS WILL START
Domar: IT IS INCREDIBLE.
ALL OF IT.
CONFIRM COORDINATES,
MR. SPOCK.
CONFIRMED, SIR.
FIRE PHASERS AS DIRECTED,
GENTLEMEN.
AYE, AYE, SIR.
THE EPICENTER OF THE QUAKE
SENSORS INDICATE
WAS IN THE NORTH POLAR SEAS,
CAPTAIN,
A TOTALLY UNINHABITED AREA.
THEN OUR PEOPLE ARE SAFE.
WHEN CAN WE BEAM DOWN, SPOCK?
THE SEABED SHOULD STABILIZE
WITHIN A FEW HOURS.
ARGO APPEARS TO HAVE
A NEW CITY, CAPTAIN,
OR RATHER, ONE REBORN.
Rila: OUR PEOPLE SURVIVED
WITH LITTLE DAMAGE,
THE SEAQUAKES
THANKS TO YOUR HELP.
Domar: WE OWE YOU
AND YOUR FRIENDS
MUCH GRATITUDE,
CAPTAIN KIRK.
WE WILL TRY TO REPAY
BY MAKING THE ANCIENT RECORDS
AVAILABLE FOR YOUR STUDIES.
HAS SHOWN US THE MEANS
OF DIVERTING QUAKES.
OUR EXPERIENCE HERE
THAT WILL MEAN MUCH
FEDERATION PLANET.
TO THE ENDANGERED
AND THE AIR IS SOFT.
THE LIGHT IS WARM
WHEN THE SURFACE PLACES
CAN BE INHABITED.
I SHALL BE GLAD
Domar: THE YOUNG AQUANS
HAVE DECIDED TO REBUILD
OF THE AIR-BREATHERS.
THE GREAT SHELTERS
ONLY THE YOUNG AQUANS?
SENIOR AQUANS CANNOT ADJUST
OF BECOMING AIR-BREATHERS.
TO THE THOUGHT
AT THE AQUA-CITY.
WE WILL REMAIN
LIKE YOUR ANCESTORS.
DON'T LOSE CONTACT
WITH EACH OTHER
WE WILL PASS ORDAINMENTS
TO FORBID IT.
WILL NOT IGNORE THEM.
AND WE, THIS TIME,